feat: implements convert mnemonic to privateKey (#64)
medibloc/panacea-js: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

TBD

> - [\#64](https://github.com/medibloc/panacea-js/pull/64) feat: implements convert mnemonic to privateKey of Secp256k1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [\#64](https://github.com/medibloc/panacea-js/pull/64) feat: implement a function to convert a mnemonic to a secp256k1 private key
```
